example/stream_terminal/StreamMappingExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamMappingExample
example/functionalnterfaces/BiFunctionExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.BiFunctionExample
example/ComparatorLambdaExample.java
 example.ComparatorLambdaExample
 example.ComparatorLambdaExample$1
example/stream/StudentFindAnyFirstExample.java
 example.stream.StudentFindAnyFirstExample
example/functionalnterfaces/PredicateExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.PredicateExample
example/functionalnterfaces/SupplierExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.SupplierExample
example/functionalnterfaces/BiConsumerExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.BiConsumerExample
example/parallel_stream/ParallelStreamExample.java
 example.parallel_stream.ParallelStreamExample
example/data/Bike.java
 example.data.Bike
example/data/constructorreference/ConstructorReferenceExample.java
 example.data.constructorreference.ConstructorReferenceExample
example/numericstream/NumericStreamMapExample.java
 example.numericstream.NumericStreamMapExample
example/data/LambdaVariableExample.java
 example.data.LambdaVariableExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamCountingExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamCountingExample
example/stream/StreamsMatchExample.java
 example.stream.StreamsMatchExample
example/data/ConsumerMethodReferenceExample.java
 example.data.ConsumerMethodReferenceExample
example/functionalnterfaces/StudentFunctionExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.StudentFunctionExample
example/stream/StreamOfGenerateIterateExample.java
 example.stream.StreamOfGenerateIterateExample
example/stream/StreamLimitAndSkipExample.java
 example.stream.StreamLimitAndSkipExample
example/functionalnterfaces/PredicateAndConsumerExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.PredicateAndConsumerExample
example/stream/StreamFlatMapExample.java
 example.stream.StreamFlatMapExample
example/data/StudentDataBase.java
 example.data.StudentDataBase
example/data/Student.java
 example.data.Student
example/stream/StreamFilterExample.java
 example.stream.StreamFilterExample
example/data/MethodReferenceExample.java
 example.data.MethodReferenceExample
example/functionalnterfaces/ConsumerExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.ConsumerExample
example/stream/StreamComparatorExample.java
 example.stream.StreamComparatorExample
example/defaults/DefaultMethodExample.java
 example.defaults.DefaultMethodExample
example/functionalnterfaces/FunctionExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.FunctionExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamsSumAvgExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamsSumAvgExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamJoningExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamJoningExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamPartioningByExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamPartioningByExample
example/stream/StreamMapExample.java
 example.stream.StreamMapExample
example/stream/StreamExample.java
 example.stream.StreamExample
example/RunnableLambdaExample.java
 example.RunnableLambdaExample
 example.RunnableLambdaExample$1
example/stream/StreamReduceExample.java
 example.stream.StreamReduceExample
example/functionalnterfaces/UnaryOperatorExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.UnaryOperatorExample
example/optional/OptionalExample.java
 example.optional.OptionalExample
example/numericstream/NumericStreamExample.java
 example.numericstream.NumericStreamExample
example/defaults/DefaultMethodExample2.java
 example.defaults.DefaultMethodExample2
example/functionalnterfaces/BiPredicateExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.BiPredicateExample
example/stream/StreamMinMaxExample.java
 example.stream.StreamMinMaxExample
example/functionalnterfaces/BinaryOperatorExample.java
 example.functionalnterfaces.BinaryOperatorExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamMinByMaxByExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamMinByMaxByExample
example/numericstream/NumericStreamBoxingUnboxingExample.java
 example.numericstream.NumericStreamBoxingUnboxingExample
example/stream_terminal/StreamGroupingByExample.java
 example.stream_terminal.StreamGroupingByExample
example/defaults/MultiplierImpl.java
 example.defaults.MultiplierImpl
example/defaults/Multiplier.java
 example.defaults.Multiplier
example/defaults/MultiplierClient.java
 example.defaults.MultiplierClient
example/generic/Utils.java
 example.generic.Utils
